shark horror movies have become their
own genre of horror thanks to big titles
like jaws and 47 meters down but we
can't forget the smaller ones that kept
it alive in the middle for anyone with a
fear of sharks this movie is made for
you 2012's bait 3d is a shark horror
film that gave us bloody good kills and
can't be entertainment that was a nice
addition to an otherwise series genre
okay let's go spoiler alert while i'm
just giving my opinion on the film
that's no substitute for trying it out
for yourself links to the film are in
the description could josh be our suave
lazy unbelievably lucky protagonist yeah
he's one of them and rory is the one
waking him up here get this into you
it's my great grands hangover rabbit i
give him the same face that's a bottle
of brackish water with some seaweed mix
into the bottom that's not gonna cure
anything thanks to josh's hangover rory
goes to check the boy on his own while
josh goes to check on his fiance tina
this conversation could go one of two
ways oh still cool but not the direction
i was hoping for as the two of them walk
the beach talking rory paddles out to
check on the boy
it may not have happened yet but we all
called that he would be the first one
rory is just that cool nice guy that
never gets the happy ending that's a
flashing warning to not get attached to
this character
i was wrong it was the other nameless
character we were following for some
reason as the alarm sounds for a shark
sighting josh rushes to the nearest jet
ski to go out and help bring rory to
safety josh tried to yell out to roy but
he just can't yell loud enough and
okay so obviously this film and many
more just like it were never meant to be
taken seriously this is just supposed to
be pure unadulterated entertainment and
you don't get much more entertaining
than that shark attack okay so maybe he
wasn't first to go but there was no way
he was gonna make it past the title
screen and sure enough there it is
perfect timing after a year's past josh
is seen watching the news in his tiny
apartment after he goes for a walk by
the water he starts to notice that
something is going wrong with the
animals in the area he brushes it off
and continues on his way to the grocery
store where he works it's here that we
meet a bunch of different ragtag
characters that i'm sure are here to be
exactly what the title says bait while
the film takes place in a basement
supermarket it was actually filmed in a
regular aldi market in australia
we want you to not ruin a possibly very
touching moment your shirt is two sizes
too tight and i can't even tell what you
brought her i doubt she wants it after a
while josh is sent to the bathroom to
clean up while the store is being held
up by armed robbers
this is a shark movie yet they took all
the time to set up everybody with their
own interweaving story wait did he just
take the new boyfriend of tina's and now
this is a tsunami movie this movie has
everything
oh my screw the sharks flying boat
propellers are my new biggest fear after
the tsunami kills most of the people
josh emerges from the water and
immediately starts to help everyone he
sees eventually he sees tina in the
water holding on to one of the store
wrecks he jumps in to help her to safety
but she seems a little shell-shocked is
that from the tsunami or is the movie
trying to hint at the shark possibly
being in there either way that's a great
job with the makeup effects maybe it's
time to get out of the water though nope
shark get the heck out of the water
right now as unpredictable as the movie
is so far i'd still watch out for flying
boat propellers too as the survivors in
the store continue to gather on top of
the store shelves some survivors are
left in the car part this is ryan and as
he comes to he realizes the predicament
he's in and begins trying to figure out
how to break out of his car once he
breaks the window he starts to look
around for any other survivors but finds
no luck obviously this isn't the
brightest group of characters so this
should be entertaining to watch the team
of survivors in the store split up to
try and find a means of escape while the
survivors in the car part continue their
ventures with no luck as the team
members start to come back to the store
shelves with no way to get out josh
notices that something is in the water
and he tries to call out to everyone to
get out of the water yeah i think
everyone should listen and get out of
the water right about now so keeping
track of members that are down were at
one so far wow they didn't even try to
hide the shark for a while they just
took the camera shot the clip of the
shark and said everyone already knows
this is a shark movie no need to hide it
as the crew fight amongst themselves the
shark continues to circle them it can't
decide if they're food or not soon after
an aftershock shakes the building enough
for live wires to fall from the ceiling
and come within a few inches of the
water level so the crew decide to send
someone to the breaker box to shut down
the electricity i'll go
what saw that coming i can't tell if
this guy is just trying to give up since
tina has a new boyfriend or if he really
does have a sense of responsibility to
save these idiots down in the car park
rory is trying to figure out a way to
save a couple trapped in a car that a
shark has taken an interest in rory
decides he's going to try to distract
the shark while the couple rushes for
other cover up top tina's new boyfriend
comes up with a plan for how to get to
the breaker box but he's been noticing
the tension between josh and tina you
come back
okay
i've got money on him being the next one
poor dude is just in the way this dude
came up with plans for a makeshift
personal shark cage with shopping
baskets as a cage canned goods his
weight and a two for air he set for some
deep diving now were all of those
supplies on top of the storex as the
boyfriend comes face to face with a
shark the shark passes him by since he
doesn't feel like food to him he makes
it to the room with the breakers but
come on really at least they'll give him
a noble sacrifice of a death after the
boyfriend cuts off the power to the
store he tries to shed his suit so he
can reach the air bubbles above him they
did his character right tasteful goodbye
as unlikely people begin to mingle
friendships are quickly made in the
midst of the destruction doubts are also
cast on the situation and whether or not
they'll actually make it just when
things look bleak again josh notices
something
is this the first time anyone has looked
up this whole time as we come back to
the car park ryan is attempting to cause
a distraction to lure the shark to him
using a hand from one of the deceased
people as they see it working the couple
get out of the car and make a break for
a collection of cars
okay that's a crappy thing to do but
when it comes down to it you do what
you've got to do back up top josh
manages to get a rope around the air
duct and the store owner volunteers to
go first if you can get through you get
help and bring them back yeah yeah all
right all right yeah that's not a very
reassuring answer i'd need just a little
more than that for me to feel
comfortable letting someone go
[Music]
i can't even blame him for that did you
see how many there were i didn't like it
are you sure about that mate it might be
a little easier to make it now that he's
half the weight
that's two for the sharks now by the way
three if we're counting the dog so three
it is meanwhile in the car park ryan is
still trying to find a way out but every
way he looks is flooded or blocked in an
attempt to reach his other companions on
the other car he accidentally falls into
the water
that seems like a good swap to me
that's four for the sharks back up top
everyone seems to have lost hope except
for the bank robber that survived he
thinks it's time to outsmart the shark
while they prep for another suicide
mission the cop agrees to be the bait
this time so everyone else can escape to
safety
[Music]
well that didn't take long to attract
the shark's attention oh and now we know
for sure that her name is in fact jamie
as jamie makes her way to the meat hooks
the shark tries to get her but she
fights back with the meat tenderizer
when she gets the hook and a leg of meat
the robber pulls her back to safety and
we call that a successful mission josh
takes his time to explain his side of
things to tina he explains that the day
her brother died was the one day that
josh let him do his job for him he
blames himself for it every day and all
he wants to do is say he's sorry thing
is josh you never had to say sorry to me
there's the obligatory personal growth
that has to be in every film everyone
has to learn something and our main
characters learned about the power of
forgiveness and the power of a great
white's appetite and bite the team
dangles the meat in the water and they
all start patrolling for the shark once
the shark appears it swims right by the
meat it can't be full already after the
past couple of hours
it's decided it prefers live bait this
guy hasn't participated at all this
whole time i honestly forgot he was even
there for a bit now he's just taking
hostages what is happening this movie
just keeps escalating out of nowhere
it'll be nice and calm for a few minutes
then it'll throw the next big thing in
your face like chum in the ocean now i'm
getting out of here
and i'm catching this [ __ ] shark
see we just can't get a break to take
anything in everybody has something
going on i love it the woman gets pulled
out of the water and the robber takes
the hook and impales the survivor to use
him as the live bait as soon as he gets
kicked in the shark returns and devours
every bit of him the body count is up to
five ladies and gentlemen meanwhile in
the car park ryan and the girl try to
keep their spirits alive as help is on
the way
yay it's alive death toll is down to
four once again back upstairs the crew
is about to try and escape through the
door but then they hear ryan sending a
message through banging the pipes sure
enough jamie decides that she's gonna go
rescue him and josh goes after her jamie
and josh open the door to the car park
and they're surprised to find out that
there is another shark down there
there's a gun
what there's a gun in the back i feel
like this gun might have been worth
risking getting earlier especially now
that i've seen how short of a distance
everything is from each other
that stylish die was completely
unnecessary yet now that i've seen it i
can't unsee it
epic just pure epic and oddly believable
upstairs the group comes up with a plan
to use the electric current to clear a
path through the main gate just as they
start to follow through with their plan
the group from the car park makes their
way back up to the rest of the group as
another aftershock loosens the restraint
on the shark they trap the robber sends
the electric current going while josh
prepares to take out another shark
josh's moves look like they came
straight out of a mission impossible
movie once the robber turns the switch
again the car that had been blocking
their way explodes and the robber and
josh emerge from the water as the
survivors leave the grocery store they
see that help hasn't come yet and
everything is different now while this
film didn't even pass a million in its
home country of australia did manage to
make a good 26 million off of china and
italy alone it was set to receive a
sequel but no further films have been
announced since then this film is an
interesting masterpiece of any
development intertwining stories that
all come together thanks to a common
tragedy and of course sharks are always
fun to watch i kind of wish they had
followed through on a sequel but maybe
it's for the best that it's a one and
done film again this is just my opinion
on the film and you should totally try
it out for yourself let me know what you
thought of the film in the comments
below and go ahead and comment what i
should watch next don't forget to like
the video and subscribe if you'd like to
see more videos like this one i'll see
you in the next one